c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\bin\Debug\net6.0\AppWebInstitut.ApiInstitut.exe
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\bin\Debug\net6.0\AppWebInstitut.ApiInstitut.deps.json
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\bin\Debug\net6.0\AppWebInstitut.ApiInstitut.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\bin\Debug\net6.0\AppWebInstitut.ApiInstitut.dll
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\bin\Debug\net6.0\AppWebInstitut.ApiInstitut.pdb
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\obj\Debug\net6.0\AppWebInstitut.ApiInstitut.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\obj\Debug\net6.0\AppWebInstitut.ApiInstitut.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\obj\Debug\net6.0\AppWebInstitut.ApiInstitut.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\obj\Debug\net6.0\AppWebInstitut.ApiInstitut.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\obj\Debug\net6.0\AppWebInstitut.ApiInstitut.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\obj\Debug\net6.0\AppWebInstitut.ApiInstitut.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\obj\Debug\net6.0\AppWebInstitut.ApiInstitut.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\obj\Debug\net6.0\scopedcss\bundle\AppWebInstitut.ApiInstitut.styles.css
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\obj\Debug\net6.0\AppWebInstitut.ApiInstitut.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\obj\Debug\net6.0\AppWebInstitut.ApiInstitut.dll
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\AppWebInstitut.ApiInstitut.dll
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\obj\Debug\net6.0\AppWebInstitut.ApiInstitut.pdb
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\obj\Debug\net6.0\AppWebInstitut.ApiInstitut.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Escritorio\Escuela2022\Programacion II\visualstudiocode\AppWedInstitut\AppWebInstitut.Apiinstitut\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\AppWebInstitut.ApiInstitut.dll
